DOC: Add ecosystem page to docs (#2343)
ibis-project/ibis: docs/web/community/ecosystem.md

# Ecosystem

## Backends

### [pandas](https://github.com/pandas-dev/pandas)

> [pandas](https://github.com/pandas-dev/pandas) is a Python package that provides fast, flexible, and expressive data structures designed to make working with "relational" or "labeled" data both easy and intuitive. It aims to be the fundamental high-level building block for doing practical, real world data analysis in Python. Additionally, it has the broader goal of becoming the most powerful and flexible open source data analysis / manipulation tool available in any language. It is already well on its way towards this goal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org) is a Python package that provides fast, flexible, and expressive data structures designed to make working with "relational" or "labeled" data both easy and intuitive. It aims to be the fundamental high-level building block for doing practical, real world data analysis in Python. Additionally, it has the broader goal of becoming the most powerful and flexible open source data analysis / manipulation tool available in any language. It is already well on its way towards this goal.
```
Can you also add line breaks so lines are not more than 100 columns or so please? Easier to review, and to read in wide screens.

Author: Yes I'll definitely do that

Author: @datapythonista Do you think I should link to the pandas website instead of the GitHub repo?

## Related Packages / Dependencies

### [SQLAlchemy](https://github.com/sqlalchemy/sqlalchemy)

> [SQLAlchemy](https://github.com/sqlalchemy/sqlalchemy) is the Python SQL toolkit and Object Relational Mapper that gives application developers the full power and flexibility of SQL. SQLAlchemy provides a full suite of well known enterprise-level persistence patterns, designed for efficient and high-performing database access, adapted into a simple and Pythonic domain language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[SQLAlchemy](https://www.sqlalchemy.org/) is the Python SQL toolkit and Object Relational Mapper that gives application developers the full power and flexibility of SQL. SQLAlchemy provides a full suite of well known enterprise-level persistence patterns, designed for efficient and high-performing database access, adapted into a simple and Pythonic domain language.
```

## Packages that extend Ibis

### [sql_to_ibis](https://github.com/zbrookle/sql_to_ibis)

> [sql_to_ibis](https://github.com/zbrookle/sql_to_ibis) is a Python package that translates SQL syntax into ibis expressions. This provides the capability of using only one SQL dialect to target many different backends 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[sql_to_ibis](https://github.com/zbrookle/sql_to_ibis) is a Python package that translates SQL syntax into ibis expressions. This provides the capability of using only one SQL dialect to target many different backends.
```
The last sentence could be clearer. I would explain a bit more in detail. And I think it would be useful to also add a simple code example.

> 

Reviewer: Not important, but I think blank lines at the end are in general discouraged (at least in the Python world).

it has the broader goal of becoming the most powerful and flexible open source data 
analysis / manipulation tool available in any language. It is already well on its way 
towards this goal.

## [SQLAlchemy](https://github.com/sqlalchemy/sqlalchemy)

[SQLAlchemy](https://www.sqlalchemy.org/) is the Python SQL toolkit and 
Object Relational Mapper that gives application developers the full power and 
flexibility of SQL. SQLAlchemy provides a full suite of well known enterprise-level 
persistence patterns, designed for efficient and high-performing database access, 
adapted into a simple and Pythonic domain language.

## [sql_to_ibis](https://github.com/zbrookle/sql_to_ibis)

[sql_to_ibis](https://github.com/zbrookle/sql_to_ibis) is a Python package that 
translates SQL syntax into ibis expressions. This allows users to use one unified SQL 
dialect to target many different backends, even those that don't traditionally
 support SQL.  

A good use case would be ease of migration between databases or backends. Suppose you
 were moving from SQLite to MySQL or from PostgresSQL to BigQuery. These
  frameworks all have very subtle differences in SQL dialects, but with sql_to_ibis, 

>   these differences are automatically translated in Ibis.

Reviewer: Are these indentations intended? Not sure if markdown will make them a block or fail.

Author: Oh, nope those aren't intended, my text editor just adds them. I should probably disable that

  
Another good use case is pandas, which has no SQL support at all for querying a
 dataframe. With sql_to_ibis this is made possible.

For example,

```python
from ibis.pandas.api import from_dataframe, PandasClient
from pandas import read_csv
from sql_to_ibis import register_temp_table, query

df = read_csv("some_file.csv")
ibis_table = from_dataframe(df, name="my_table", client=PandasClient({}))
register_temp_table(ibis_table, "my_table")

> query("select column1, column2 as my_col2 from my_table")

Reviewer: I find this example a bit difficult to read. First, you import five functions, and it's difficult to know which if query is coming from ibis, pandas or sql_to_ibis. I think it's better to just import the modules, and then use `sql_to_ibis.query`...

Second, without knowing what `query` returns, it's far from obvious to know what this example is doing.

Something like this would be clearer to me:
```python
>>> import ibis.pandas.api
>>> import pandas
>>> import sql_to_ibis

>>> my_table = ibis.pandas.api.from_dataframe(
...     pandas.read_csv("some_file.csv"),
...     name="my_table",
...     client=ibis.pandas.api.PandasClient({}))

>>> sql_to_ibis.register_temp_table(my_table, "my_table")
>>> sql_to_ibis.query("select column1, column2 as my_col2 from my_table")
<output of query>
```

Author: Ok sure! I'll change it to be more like that
